# Masters-Guide

The motivation of this app is to provide students with a guideline to choose the best Master’s Degree according to their discipline since a Master’s degree is a complete certification of your qualification proving your high skills and knowledge on a particular field of interest. The developed application in education field for student’s help is limited to sharing slides, recording lectures, scheduling tasks in an organized way or at best providing guideline for any specific university programs. However, an application with enough information to get to choose the preferred Master’s Degree has not yet been developed. The idea of the app is to help students glance over several Master’s degree according to their discipline from different universities. User can filter Degrees by preferred country names and specific discipline. The time duration and the tuition fee needed to pursue the degree would also be shown alongside to help students choose the best degree for him/her. The user can see a list of Degrees which would show the following information: The Degree name, University Name, Country Name, Tuition fee per year and the time duration for the completion of the degree. After getting a list of the available Degrees according to preference, a link to a website is given alongside which gives the necessary guidelines of the university with the chosen degree and the extended procedures to apply for the specific program. 

Promo Video Link:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAlouEJKNt8&feature=youtu.be&fbclid=IwAR2UuspGbVmcr1u8u7YHxlutEZ4UjlfTZPXJzEFE7e2zfPw1rPwY_EFGcAI

| MastersGuide | Bipartite | An android app to aid students choose the best of Masters degrees according to their preference of country and discipline | MIT Licence | Bangladesh | Authors profile: https://github.com/nishatshama01, https://github.com/Shyama01 |
